WEW! Did you see that big tractor wheel?
Hee Yeah!
I got myself some big tractor wheels too look at them
my suspension is really good and look
at my color I'm John Deere Green yup! My wheels
can spin that’s right. Wow I'm a brand new
John Deere tractor.
Yeah! Did you see that real tractor?
That was fluffin some hay, you fluffin it right before
you bail it. So then drives up.
WOW did you
see that? I just took off my cab. The cab is
where you sit inside and drive the tractor
from.
Woah! Did you see that tractor?
That tractor
had two back wheels, maybe you’ll watch
the video again and notice next time that
the back wheels had two on each side you know
I have only on each side.
Woah! Look at my engine also knows as a motor
that was my power comes from. Let’s put
on my cab
Keep the driver warm, the drivers is the farmer.
Heh! Let’s make some hay I love farming and
as a tractor! Bye bye!